a residential building in southern Gaza
has been hit during another night of
Israeli attacks at least 15 people were
killed in the strike in Rafa the injured
were taken to nearby hospitals which
remain overwhelmed Israeli air strikes
also destroyed a mosque and several
houses in can Yunis more than
23,200 Palestinians have been killed
since October the 7th let's find out the
latest with hanim mahmuda correspondent
on the ground his life from Rafa in the
south honey another difficult night for
all of you please uh tell us about the
latest strikes and where they've uh
struck in
Gaza yes well once again there's no let
up in the attacks on civilians across
the Gaza Strip just another reminder
there is nowhere safe and there is no
safey place for Palestinians uh this
place palestinia particularly in the
southern part of the the Gaza Strip
everybody was expecting the escalation
of the aerial bombardment campaign as
the war entered its third phase but what
we're seeing is the contrary exactly the
contrary a surge in the targeted killing
as the Israeli military announced two
days ago and we seen here as of
overnight residential homes here at the
western side of rafah City T sulan area
that's a close that's in fact the
entrance of Al maasi evacuations on the
is's a a main leading road to the
entrance of the evacuations on very
close and it just cause a great deal of
concern for people are inside their
tents in the al- maasi evacuation Zone
but we're looking at 15 people have been
killed the vast majority of among women
and children and all uh happened to be
from one family Noel family who were
Sheltering in that residential home it's
the owner of the residential bilding
their in-laws their relatives all took
that Residential Building as a shelter
from the horror of the ongoing uh War to
the Eastern side of RAF City the eastern
border particularly the Israeli military
is still conducting its uh a a artillery
Shilling and a war of a clear clearance
of the entire area by raising more
agricultural land and attacking by Heavy
Artillery sing all the residential homes
at the Eastern side of RA City that's
exactly at the Eastern side of a Salah
Road in Al B and Al maazi the Israeli
military continued its bombardment by
land and by air artillery Shilling on Al
maazi and Al bridge where at least six
people reported killed as of early hours
uh of this morning again people were
looking at the deescalation but what
we're seeing is the exact opposite and
there's a growing fear of that might
increase so no deescalation honey how
are hospitals scoping being under these
conditions well there is there's mouning
pressures on Hospital particularly uh
the as we see a surgeon in the uh in the
aerial bombardment and the increase in
the influx of injuries reported to the
hospitals we're looking at the central
area where alaka hospital since the
beginning of the war and within the past
few weeks was the only remaining uh uh
functioning Hospital in the Central Area
function at the low capacity possible
just giving the tsunami of injuries
reported to the hospital where doctors
had to treat some of these injuries uh
right at the floor of the hospital given
that there's the hospital ran out of
space ran out of medical supplies and
ran out of every essential uh element
that could help it survived but what
what's tragic about what happened in the
hospital which represent a cast
catastrophe for the healthare system in
the central area is the eviction noticed
by the Israeli military when it ordered
some 600 medical staff and patients to
evacuate the hospital and of course this
did not happen voluntarily it happened
under heavy artillery Shilling and and
and and massive air strike that targeted
and damaged the vicinity of the hospital
just great deal of concern over the
national staff that remain in the
hospital and just sit back for for this
particular medical staff Community
trying to survive honey thank you very
much for that update honey Mahmud
reporting their live from Southern Gaza